Exodus:
	A POS, order management, and inventory management system
	
Necessary functions:
	
	Client-Server. Centralized server hooked to many cients. Central server hosts and processes all information, clients simply perform look ups on and calls to the server
	
	Process sales and returns. 
	
	Track inventory, stock orders,
	
	Keep track of current sales and past orders
	
COMPONENT SYSTEMS AND NECESSARY DETAILS:
	A: Inventory: keeps track of all items in the store, with the ability to add new items and remove items from the store.
		Track item on hand quantities.
		Track damaged item quantities
		Track due item quantities
		Add items.
		Remove items.
		Flag items as damaged
		Order items from supplier
		Be able to enter order information from supplier
		Be able to check when items are arriving from supplier
		Items have stock codes: Available, clearance, discontinued, special, recall
		Items must have a MSRP, cost, and sale price.
		If the the item is on sale it is adjusted in the sale price, otherwise sale price is the same as the MSRP
		When an item is clearanced the sale price is adjusted by management to the appropriate price
		Items have a name, description, type, and department
		Items can be searched by their type, name, and department.
		Be able to adjust counts for errors.
		All items will have a unique UPC number to scan for check out.
		All items will have a unique item number to search for.
		
	
	B: Sales
		Process transactions
		Modify inventory as necessary
		Generate orders as needed
		Handle all relevant payment options
		Be able to split payments.
		Items can be entered into the sale by either scanning or entering the UPC number
		Items can be entered into the sale by entering the item number
		Each item in the sale can have it's quantity adjustable.
		Each item can have it's price changed.
		Price changes greater than 5% of sale price must be approved by a manager.
	
	C: Orders
		Track what has been purchased but not delivered
		Generate special supplier orders as necessary.
		Split special orders according to supplier and date recieved.
		Can be delivery or pick up.
		Delivery dates can be changed, according to availability
		Orders have a comments section for any additional information to be added
		
			C1: Delayed order
				Sales to be picked up or delivered at a later date
				Must be tied to a customer and an employee
				Has a date ordered
				Has a date due
				Has a date expected to arrive if not in stock
				Can be a pick up or a delivery, denoted by an enumerated type
				Can be tied to a special order
				Can be tied to an inventory order
			
			C2: Customer Orders
				Orders to fulfill sales to customers for items not normally carried in store
				Must be tied to a delayed order
				Has an expected date of arrival
			
			C3: Inventory Orders
				Orders to fulfill inventory requirements and needs
				Orders are not assigned but are processed by whomever recieves the order in the store.
				Can be tied to a delayed order if needed for a customer
	
	D: Reports
		Generate reports based on information from the other systems.
		Sales report
		Order report
		Employee report
	
	E: Customer Management
		Add customers
		Edit customers information
		Remove customers.
		Customers can only be removed if they have no pending orders
		Customers can only be removed if they had no purchases in the last 3 months.
	
	F: Employee Management
		Add employees
		There are two types of employees, sales and manager.
		Managers can edit employee information
		All employees have a sales number.
		All employees have a password
		Employees must login to the system to use it.
		System times out and logs employees out after 15 minutes of non-use
		An employees password can be reset by a manager
		Employees can track their sold orders
		Managers have a special code for approvals
		
			F1: Sales
				Regular employees
				
			F2: Managers
				Management employees
				Have power to add employees, can approve changes in the system that need higher approval.
	
Required data structures:
	Client: Terminals that are run by the users
	
	
	Server: Central system containing all information
	
	Employee:
		TYPES: Associate, Manager
		Name - Employees name
		Sales ID - EMployees sales number, used to login
		password - Employees password
		Orders - A reference to orders entered by the employee
		Total Sales - total value of sales made by the employee
		Total Margin - total margin of the employee
	
	items
		required fields:
			UPC Code:Int - The UPC code of the item
			ID Number:Int - In house id number for item
			Model number:String - The model number of the item.
			Item name:String - Item's name
			Descrition:String - Brief description of the item. Optional
			Type:String - The type of item. IE: Lumber, Toilet, Refrigerator, etc
			Department:String - THe department the item is assigned to.
			Stock type:String - The stock type of the item: Available, Clearance, Discontinued, Special
			Supplier:String - The supplier or manufacturer of the item.
			TotalCount:Int - Total number of the item physically in the store
			Available:Int - Number available to sell.
			Damaged:Int - Number damaged in the store
			TotalSold:Int - Number of items sold in the current fiscal period
			PendingSold:Int - Number sold, but yet to be delivered
			TotalOrdered:Int - Number ordered from the supplier
			Price:Int - Current selling price of the item
			MSRP:Int - suggested selling price from the supplier
			Cost:Int - The cost of the item for the store
	
	customers
		Name - Customers name
		Phone Number - Customers phone name
		Address - Customers address
		Account Number - customers account number
		Orders - Reference to orders placed by the customer
	
	orders
		Order Number
		Items- Items to be delivered
		Quantities - Quantities of the items to be delivered
		Date Sold - Date that the order was sold
		Date Delivered - Date that the items were/will be delivered
		Customer - A reference to the customer that purchased the order
		Salesman - A reference to the employee that sold the order
		related - Reference to related orders
		Delivery address - Address to be delivered to, can be different than the customers normal address
		Contact number - Number to contacted regarding the orders
	
	
Interactions between systems
	When the sales system successfully completes a sale it posts the update to the inventory system, creates an order, assigns the order to the relevant customer and employee. Employees can input sales, check inventory, check orders, create and edit customers. Employees that are managers can add and remove employees, and remove customers.
